complete changelog for v0.6.1 (#77)
symfony/mercure: CHANGELOG.md

0.6.1
-----

* Allow passing additional data to the `mercure` JWT claim when using `Symfony\Component\Mercure\Token\LcobucciFactory` 
* Add a new `passphrase` argument to `Symfony\Component\Mercure\Token\LcobucciFactory` allowing the use of encrypted keys

> * Add a new `lastEventId` option to the `mercure()` Twig function to set the `Last-Event-ID` query parametr

Reviewer: still not ^^
```suggestion
* Add a new `lastEventId` option to the `mercure()` Twig function to set the `Last-Event-ID` query parameter
```

> * Add a new `lastEventId` option to the `mercure()` Twig function to set the `Last-Event-ID` query paramet`r

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add a new `lastEventId` option to the `mercure()` Twig function to set the `Last-Event-ID` query parametr
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new `lastEventId` option to the `mercure()` Twig function to set the `Last-Event-ID` query parameter
```
😅

> * Fix a bug preventing setting cookies for legit subdomains when using ``Symfony\Component\Mercure\Authorization::createCookie()``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug preventing setting cookies for legit subdomains when using `Symfony\Component\Mercure\Authorization::createCookie()`
```
